No multiple parents (#1279)
radiantearth/stac-spec: item-spec/item-spec.md

| ------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| self         | STRONGLY RECOMMENDED. *Absolute* URL to the Item if it is available at a public URL. This is particularly useful when in a download package that includes metadata, so that the downstream user can know where the data has come from.                                                       |
| root         | URL to the root STAC entity (Catalog or Collection). ONLY ONE link with `root` relationship to STAC entity is allowed.                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | parent       | URL to the parent STAC entity (Catalog or Collection). ONLY ONE link with `parent` relationship to STAC entity is allowed.                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: I think we need to say here that a link to a JSON-version of a single STAC-entity is allowed. Multiple root or parent links can occur if they point to different encodings or language versions, but they should all point to the same entitiy (e.g. identified by the ID)

#### Relation types

> All the [common relation types](../item-spec/common-metadata.md#relation-types) can be used in Item.

Reviewer: I think that's not correct. You can't use `item` in items.

> All the [common relation types](../item-spec/common-metadata.md#relation-types) can be used in Item.

Reviewer: I think that's not correct. You can't use `item` in items.

```suggestion
All [common relation types](../item-spec/common-metadata.md#relation-types) except for `item` can be used in Items.
```

| self         | STRONGLY RECOMMENDED. *Absolute* URL to the Item if it is available at a public URL. This is particularly useful when in a download package that includes metadata, so that the downstream user can know where the data has come from.                                                                                                   | application/geo+json (preferred) or application/json |
| root         | URL to the root STAC entity (Catalog or Collection). `type` field must be `application/json`. ONLY ONE link with `root` relationship and `application/json` type is allowed. Other version of the root link can be added with different `type` field as long as they point the same conceptual entity (e.g. identified by the ID).       | application/json                                     |

> | parent       | URL to the parent STAC entity (Catalog or Collection). `type` field must be `application/json`. ONLY ONE link with `parent` relationship and `application/json` type is allowed. Other version of the parent link can be added with different `type` field as long as they point the same conceptual entity (e.g. identified by the ID). | application/json                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| parent       | URL to the parent STAC entity (Catalog or Collection). `type` field must be `application/json`. ONLY ONE link with `parent` relationship and `application/json` type is allowed. Other versions of the parent link can be added with different `type` field as long as they point the same conceptual entity (e.g. identified by the ID). | application/json                                     |
```

extensions can add further property fields as well. Any property that can be specified for an Item can also be specified for
a specific asset. This can be used to override a property defined in the Item, or to specify fields for which there is no
single value for all assets.

> If a property is defined in the Item Properties, it is the default value for all assets in the Item.

Reviewer: Is this removal intentional?

Author: again an error with the dev merge
